With The Boys releasing on Amazon this week
I thought I’d check out the dark side of
superheroes to break down everything that
you need to know about Season One and it’s
ending.
In the same month that Avengers Endgame surpassed
Avatar at the box office, The Boys deconstructs
the genre to show that depending on your point
of view every villain could be a hero and
every hero could be a villain.
Throughout this, I’ll be recapping the majority
of Season One as well as giving my thoughts
on the finale of the show and what it could
lead to.
There will be heavy spoilers here, so if you
haven’t had a chance to watch all of the
episodes yet and don’t want to know what
happens then I highly suggest that you turn
off now.
With that out the way I just wanna give a
huge thank you for clicking this video now
let’s get into my breakdown of The Boys.
The Boys Season One Recap
________________
Season One of the Boys takes on many perspectives
throughout its eight-episode run and the show
centres around a group of superheroes, known
as The Seven, that have pretty much-become
celebrities due to their powers and lifestyles.
Similar to our world heroes have infiltrated
every aspect of society and it’s difficult
to escape them.
It showcases that worship without question
and for lack of a better term, fanboying,
grants people with more power than they should
have and means that they are no longer held
accountable by the law.
From the off this is a clear satire on both
Marvel, DC, The Kardashians, Harvey Weinstein
and there’s even several shots at Disney
and the corporations behind the heroes that
have pretty much turned them into commodities
to be bought and sold.
That doesn’t mean that the Superpowered
beings are innocent either and The Boys exposes
the dark side of those who possess great power
and it showcases that they don’t have all
that much responsibility.
I guess absolute power corrupts absolutely
and we learn that they are all pretty much
sex-craved celebrities that use their positions
to abuse the law and silence anyone who stands
up to them.
This comes to a head when a regular dude named
Hughie sees his girlfriend killed in front
of him due to the blunder of a speedster named
A-Train who smashes right through her faster
than you should smash the like button on this
video.
Hughie And The Boys
________________
Due to his status, A-Train doesn’t really
face any real consequences and this sets off
Hughie on a reluctant quest for revenge to
take down the Superhumans with his ally Billy
Butcher played by Karl Urban.
Butcher has a vendetta against the Seven after
their leader had an affair with her and went
missing shortly after and he begins working
for the CIA who realise that if the Supes
are given military jurisdiction then it’ll
be worse than the CGI in Justice League.
This is very much a David Vs Goliath situation
and throughout Hughie constantly seems like
he’s in over his head as he rushes to take
down Vought, the corporation that has licensed
the heroes to movies, tv shows, games and
probably Funko pops.
Everyone has a Funko pop these days right?
I want a Deffinition Funko Pop, if the queen
can get a Funko Pop I want a Deffinition Funko
Pop.
Anyway, the show is about choices and throughout
Hughie, similar to The Seven, is given the
option to do the right thing or give in to
his vices time and time again.
Luckily for viewers, Hughie always tends to
go with the red pill…or the blue pill…whatever
it was, the other pill, and this leads to
some entertaining takedowns of The Seven throughout
the season.
The Boys Season one Ending explained spoiler
talk review
The Shining Example
________________
Mirroring this is Starlight a parody of Powergirl
who realises that The Seven aren’t the people
that she initially idolised and just because
people love a team up it doesn’t mean it’s
for the best.
After she is sexually harassed she becomes
cynical and similar to Hughie vows to take
Vought and Co Down.
This involves her going toe to toe with Madelyn
Stilwell, the shadowy CEO of Vought who is
the master manipulator of the entire season.
Starlight is very much an embodiment of The
MeToo movement and she cements that the only
way to rise up against oppression is to stand
against it.
She slowly picks apart the oppression in society
and how the nails that stick up are often
hammered down.
She begins dating Hughie who uncovers the
truth behind the Seven and their ties to a
super drug known as Compound V.
This was the drug that A-Train was on when
he killed Hughie’s girlfriend and they slowly
unearth that it’s the formula that is used
to create super-powered beings.
It’s not just Vought that are using it either
and they also discover a young female that
has been caged and experimented on too and
she eventually ends up joining them.
Realising that evidence of this could bring
down the public’s perception of the group,
with the help of Starlight, he and the boys
do whatever they can to get a hold of it in
order to expose the dark side of the supes.
Homelander
________________
However, their attacks and Starlights public
stance soon draw the attention of The Higher
Ups and their overlord Homelander who makes
Brandon from Brightburn look like teacher’s
pet and he soon begins striking back.
Homelander is a twisted version of Superman
and Captain America that pretty much embodies
many of the criticisms about the USA and it’s
self-interest to the detriment of others.
He’s brash, arrogant and will step over
people to get to the top and throughout he’s
pretty much the character that you love to
hate.
After refusing to save the lives of a doomed
flight he uses this tragedy as a reason to
equip the army and invade other countries
and this becomes a clear metaphor for the
Iraq War after the events of 9/11.
In the comics whilst Homelander was said to
be an alien that came to Earth, it’s actually
revealed that he is also in fact a government
experiment that was made in order to market
superheroes to humanity.
He’s a marketing ploy like all of the other
supes and whilst I don’t wanna spoil too
much just yet this over-inflated ego eventually
leads to his downfall.
Anyway there’s reality tv, confessions and
an appearance by Haley Joel Osmont that will
have your sixth sense tingling and overall
the season gets you really invested into both
sides.
What Happened To Butcher’s Wife?
________________
It’s revealed that Homelander actually impregnated
Butchers wife and due to carrying a baby with
super-strength it apparently killed her from
the inside during the Labour.
He’s told that his baby died during the
birth though we Naturally when the Superman
discovers this betrayal and coverup by his
owners he begins to slowly descend into madness.
The CIA also have enough evidence to blackmail
Vought into retracting their military application
however they soon realise that several other
countries also have access to V due to Homelander’s
black market dealings and thus they cannot
go public as it will weaken the position of
America’s defense against the new Superpowers.
The Boys Ending Explained
________________
Homelander has created an arms race that means
he will forever be needed.
Butcher learns of Stilwell’s connection
to Homelander and realises that she is his
weakness and takes her hostage.
Homelander isn’t one to pay fair though
and after he brings Madelyn’s baby to the
standoff and reveals that it wasn’t he who
killed his wife but rather Madelyn, things
get a little messy.
Homelander burns through Madelyn’s head
and no amount of having a mother named Martha
is gonna get Butcher out of it.
So he sets off the C4 attached to Madelyn
but unfortunately for him, Homelander is too
fast and takes him away to reveal to Butcher
that his wife and Homelanders son are both
alive.
We get an awesome Star Wars-esque cliffhanger
and the show goes out with a lot of questions.
So what happens next?
The Boys Amazon Prime
Season Two Predictions
________________
Well, huge spoilers for the comics here and
Homelanders eventual fate so if you don’t
want to know anything then I highly suggest
that you turn off now.
Whilst the story highly alters the timeline
of the graphic novels with Madelyn out of
the picture I think Homelander will ascend
further within Vought and this will Mirror
his comic arc highly.
In the books, Homelander eventually is sent
insane after he’s shown photographs of atrocities
that he has committed even though he has no
memory of them.
Feeling like he has no other way out he assumes
high command of everything and attacks the
White House.
Homelander has wished to create an uprising
and this is why he armed others with V and
eventually he goes on to kill the president
in order to rule the country himself.
However, it’s revealed that Black Noir is
actually a clone of the character that was
created to kill Homelander should he ever
step out of line.
Noir was the one in the photographs and Homelander
realises that he could’ve actually been
a hero if he’d not been so easily manipulated.
Lander dies at the hands of Noir who is eventually
killed by Butcher.
homelander death the boys graphic novel
I can definitely see this being the direction
that the series heads in with Butcher eventually
attempting to get back his wife and having
to deal with the fact that there is a new
member of the family.
Now people may be wondering what happens to
Hughie and how he gets out of saving A-Train
at the end.
Well in the graphic novel series he too gains
incredible powers and abilities after he is
injected with V compound worth 19 billion
dollars and I think this will be brought into
the second series as his get out of jail free
card so that he is not hunted and killed as
easily as he would be without it.
He’s definitely the wildcard of the show
and I can see Season Two focusing on the fact
that he now has become the thing he hated
and that once more he has a choice as to whether
go the right path or wrong one.
No doubt with Starlight at his side he can
do good and the two could actually become
the superheroes that the world both needs
and deserves down the line.
Either way, there’s a lot to look forward
to with the Boys and I can’t wait to see
how the changes affect the season going forward.
Your Thoughts
________________
Obviously, I’d love to hear your thoughts
on The Boys and what your favourite moment
of Season One was.
I haven’t even mentioned the Simon Pegg
part that is a tie in to the original graphic
novel.
Damn, anyway Leave your review and let me
know, I’m also interested to see what people
prefer out of this and The Umbrella Academy
so drop your opinion
in the comments below.